Release 0 10 0 (#340)
kestra-io/kestra.io: content/docs/05.developer-guide/02.tasks.md

::

> ### Dag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### DAG
```
This is an abbreviation... decide  what you prefer, I'd prefer DAG over Dag

Author: Agreed

> This task allows defining dependencies between tasks by creating a directed acyclic graph (DAG) without bothering with the graph structure. List your tasks and their dependencies, and Kestra will figure out the rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This task allows defining dependencies between tasks by creating a directed acyclic graph (DAG). Instead of an explicit DAG structure, this task allows you to only define upstream dependencies for each task using the `dependsOn` keyword. This way, you can set dependencies more implicitly for each task, and Kestra will figure out the overall flow structure.
```

Author: I prefere yours ;) 
I took this one from the DAG task description.
One small nit: it's dependsOn is a property not a keyword, I'll update later.

### Worker

> The Worker task is deprecated in favor of the WorkingDirectory task; see below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Worker` task is deprecated in favor of the`WorkingDirectory` task. This section explains how you can use the`WorkingDirectory` task in order to allow multiple tasks to share a file system during the flow's Execution.
```

### WorkingDirectory

> By default, Kestra will launch each task on a new working directory and possibly on different workers if multiple ones exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Kestra will launch each task in a new working directory, possibly on different workers if multiple ones exist.
```

> This task will run all sub-tasks sequentially; in the same working directory, allowing the reuse of previous tasks files on the next tasks. For this, all sub-tasks will be launched on the same worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below will run all tasks nested under the `WorkingDirectory` task sequentially. All those tasks will be executed in the same working directory, allowing the reuse of the previous tasks' output files in the downstream tasks. In order to share a working directory, all tasks nested under the `WorkingDirectory` task will be launched on the same worker.
```

> This task can be useful when working with large filesystem operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This task can be particularly useful for compute-intensive file system operations.
```
